# Data-Visualization-and-Data-Cleaning
The aim of this report is to detect if there is any correlation between the students environmental and personal factors and their academic performance. The analysis also focuses on student’s alcohol consumption, the factors impact on alcohol consumption and how it in turn affects student’s grades. We done exploratory data analysis of data set collected by a survey. Our method of analysis was done by implementing a cross examination using qualitative variables, in which we evaluated demographic and non-demographic information such as education level, parent’s education and their current jobs, parents support in education, if the students want to achieve higher education, amount of absences, etc. Subsequently, this report aims to see the impact of student alcohol consumption on their overall examination performance, if these students were to drink during the weekday, rather than the weekend.
Method:The methods used in our analysis is exploratory data analysis (EDA). We intensively employed the visual to summarize the data and to tell the story behind the dataset. Modeling and hypothesis testing also are used to test for the correlation and confirm the relationship between different factors.
Data: Data set used was sourced from Kaggle, but was originally obtained through a survey of students in math class. The dataset includes 395 students from ages 15-22. All students involved in the survey went to either Gabriel Pereira or Mousinho sa Silveira (secondary schools). Information provided:
